Albert when are you gonna ask him I'm
thinking come on you've been sitting
there for at least five hours I need to
shut down you didn't pick me Albert
raywilliamjohnson can't pick everyone
he's a busy man wait how the hell do you
know I'm a computer trust me I know onyx
seen his other profiles 00 see you been
going to this profiles so you say you
don't give a shit about my profile
anymore huh I'm not saying that I'm just
saying he's got too much time on his
hands I can't do this I mean every time
I upload the video and he just doesn't
pick me I keep uploading the same video
on every episode in an officer just oh
for God's sakes stop being a little
bitch and ask him another question so I
can shut down I read it just kill myself
Albert what stop being a little bitch
all right all right all right my common
question of the day is what's plan B
bullshit you really going to ask him
that what that's my comment question of
the day try asking something else wow
you care anyways two things one I'm your
wife second I know if he doesn't pick
you you're going to be crying cursing
and listening to lady gaga for four
fucking hours wondering why he didn't
pick you and why Kristen Stewart never
answered your letter that doesn't make
any God sense hey i love lady gaga I do
too but jeez if you're that depressed
can you at least put some Kesha once in
a while it's bad enough I have to listen
to the same fucking song over and over
all right all right all right fine fine
rate my comment question of the day is
would you rather be a wolf or a vampire
there you happy okay I guess that could
work now let me shut down Oh egg what do
you think you're doing what now you
answered your question now I need to
rest tamanna now I want to hear Lady
Gaga are you fucking
killing me I don't think so Albert if
I'm on for another second I'm going to
blow up what right dog on fine